annot: place bulgar wheat in a bowl
ACTID: 0
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] bulgar wheat (-1)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: add boiling water
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] boiling water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: Finely chop a bundle of parsley
ACTID: 2
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] a bundle of parsley (-1)
annot: add to a bowl
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (2)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: Remove the leaves from stalks of mint
ACTID: 4
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the leaves (-1)
[PP, food, from] stalks of mint (-1)
annot: chop finely
ACTID: 5
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: and add to the parsley
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (5)
[PP, food, to] the parsley (3)
annot: Chop a cucumber in half
ACTID: 7
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] a cucumber (-1)
[PP, other, in] half (-1)
annot: remove the seeds
ACTID: 8
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the seeds (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: finely chop
ACTID: 9
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] (8)
annot: add to the bowl
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (9)
[PP, food, to] the bowl (6)
annot: cut a tomato into quarters
ACTID: 11
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] a tomato (-1)
[PP, other, into] quarters (-1)
annot: remove the seeds
ACTID: 12
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the seeds (-1)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: chop finely
ACTID: 13
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] (12)
annot: and add to the bowl
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (13)
[PP, food, to] the bowl (10)
annot: Finely chop the spring onions
ACTID: 15
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] the spring onions (-1)
annot: add to a bowl
ACTID: 16
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (15)
[PP, food, to] a bowl (14)
annot: season the bowl with salt, pepper, allspice, cinnamon
ACTID: 17
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] the bowl (16)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1), allspice (-1), cinnamon (-1)
annot: and mix
ACTID: 18
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (17)
annot: Drain the bulgar wheat
ACTID: 19
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the bulgar wheat (1)
annot: add to the salad
ACTID: 20
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (19)
[PP, food, to] the salad (18)
annot: and mix
ACTID: 21
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (20)
annot: place the salad on a plate
ACTID: 22
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the salad (21)
[PP, location, on] a plate (-1)
annot: and drizzle lemon juice and olive oil over it
ACTID: 23
PRED: drizzle
[DOBJ, food] drizzle lemon juice (-1), olive oil (-1)
[PP, food, over] it (22)